1576(docs): documents config option (#1632)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

The file is created on shutdown and reloaded during startup.
The default file name is `txpool.dump` in the [data directory](#data-path).

> ### `use-cached-genesis-state-hash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `genesis-state-hash-cache-enabled`
```

And re-order to be in alphabetical order.

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash

> --use-cached-genesis-state-hash=[=<true|false>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--genesis-state-hash-cache-enabled=[=<true|false>]
```

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash

> --use-cached-genesis-state-hash=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--genesis-state-hash-cache-enabled=true
```

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash

> use-cached-genesis-state-hash=true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BESU_USE_CACHED_GENESIS_STATE_HASH=true
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BESU_GENESIS_STATE_HASH_CACHE_ENABLED=true
```

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example configuration file" label="Example configuration file"> 

```bash

> use-cached-genesis-state-hash=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
genesis-state-hash-cache-enabled=true
```

```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> Enables fast startup from an existing genesis state hash. The default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables fast startup from an existing genesis state hash. The default is `false`.
```

For consistency with other boolean options.

> :::danger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
```

We usually don't use the [red danger](https://docusaurus.io/docs/3.0.1/markdown-features/admonitions) admonition except for the most critical security warnings.

> As this method avoids validating the genesis state hash, it trades-off security for faster node startup times. Its use is only recommended if you are certain that you have not modified your genesis file or database and understand the security implications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this option avoids validating the genesis state hash, trading off security for faster node startup times. We only recommend using this option if you are certain that you have not modified your genesis file or database and understand the security implications.
```
